docs(github-app): add standalone App doc and fix provider allowlist in config schema (#1480)
clouatre-labs/aptu: docs/GITHUB_ACTION.md

### Configuration Requirements

All installations must supply an `ai` block with `provider`, `model`, and `api-key-secret` in `.github/aptu.yml` for triage and review:

- The `api-key-secret` must be the exact name of a repository secret containing a valid API key for the specified provider

> - If the `ai` block is missing or incomplete, the config parser returns null and no dispatch occurs (the webhook returns `200 OK` with no dispatch)

Author: This conflates two distinct parser outcomes. When `ai` is absent, `parseConfig` returns a valid config without an `ai` field and dispatch proceeds, but the downstream workflow receives no AI credentials. Only a present but incomplete block, such as an empty provider, returns null and prevents dispatch.

```suggestion
- If the `ai` block is present but incomplete, the config parser returns null and no dispatch occurs (the webhook returns `200 OK` with no dispatch). If the `ai` block is absent, the config is valid; dispatch occurs but the downstream workflow receives no AI credentials.
```

- Security scanning via `scan.enabled: true` does not require an `ai` block (local pattern matching only)

### Dispatch Behavior

The app dispatches on the following events:

- **Issue Triage**: when an issue is opened (if `triage.enabled: true`)
- **PR Review**: when a PR is opened, updated, or reopened (if `review.enabled: true` and at least one changed file qualifies under `review.paths`)
- **Security Scan**: when a PR is opened, updated, or reopened (if `scan.enabled: true`)

> Dispatch is skipped (returns `200 OK` with no dispatch) in these cases:

Author: The path-filter case does not return 200. When all changed files are excluded by `review.paths`, the PR handler returns `204 No Content`; 200 is used for disabled features or absent/invalid configuration. Please distinguish these cases.

```suggestion
Dispatch is skipped in these cases (the webhook returns `204 No Content` when the path filter excludes all files, and `200 OK` otherwise):
```

- `triage.enabled: false` or `review.enabled: false` (or `scan.enabled: false` for scan)
- PR review: all changed files pass the `review.paths` filter (no file qualifies for review)
- `.github/aptu.yml` is absent or fails validation (parser returns null; `shouldDispatch` returns false)

The `review.skip-labeled` field is not evaluated by the Worker. It is passed through to the downstream workflow, which may skip review if the PR already has labels.

### Webhook Signature Validation

The Cloudflare Worker validates all incoming webhook payloads using HMAC-SHA256 signatures. Invalid signatures are rejected with `401 Unauthorized`. The webhook secret is stored securely in Wrangler as a secret and never logged or exposed.

### Mention Commands

> Comment `@aptu` on an issue or PR to trigger the app manually. The commenter must be a repository collaborator (admin, write, or pull permission). The Worker dispatches the corresponding workflow based on the comment location: issue comments trigger triage, PR review comments trigger review. Mention commands work regardless of whether automatic dispatch is enabled in `.github/aptu.yml`, but are still subject to the owner allowlist and quota limits.

Author: This parenthetical is misleadingly incomplete. The collaborator permission API reports `permissions.pull = true` for all collaborator roles, so triage and maintain also pass the effective check. Please describe this as any collaborator role, or list all effective roles.

```suggestion
Comment `@aptu` on an issue or PR to trigger the app manually. The commenter must be a repository collaborator (any collaborator role). The Worker dispatches the corresponding workflow based on the comment location: issue comments trigger triage, PR review comments trigger review. Mention commands work regardless of whether automatic dispatch is enabled in `.github/aptu.yml`, but are still subject to the owner allowlist and quota limits.
```
